“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” -- Oscar Wilde
“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.” ― Marilyn Monroe
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” ― Dr. Seuss
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein
“So many books, so little time.” ― Frank Zappa
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.” ― Bernard M. Baruch
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.”― William W. Purkey
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous. -- Ingrid Bergman
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. -- Judy Garland
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. -- A. A. Milne
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. -- John F. Kennedy
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. -- Democritus
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. -- William Arthur Ward
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! -- Dr. Seuss
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. -- Nelson Mandela
Change your thoughts and you change your world. -- Norman Vincent Peale
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -- Robert Frost
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. -- Loretta Young
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -- Albert Camus
Do all things with love. -- Og Mandino
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. -- Aristotle
Where there is love there is life. -- Mahatma Gandhi
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. -- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. -- Edmund Burke
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. -- Buddha
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! -- Audrey Hepburn
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. -- Joseph Campbell
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. -- Maya Angelou
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -- Aristotle
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. -- Oscar Wilde
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. -- Helen Keller
